SetViewPortExt()



SetViewPortExt()

 Previous  Top  Next




Selects the viewport of a given device context



====== Syntax ======





 SetViewPortExt( <hDC>, <nWidth>, <nHeight> ) --> aPrevDimensions 


 


 



====== Parameters ======





 <hDC> Identifies the device context. 


 


 


 


 <nWidth>, <nHeight> Specifies the y-extent and x-extent, in device units
of the viewport. 


 


 



====== Returns ======





 <aPrevDimensions> An array that holds the previous dimensions: { nWidth,
nHeight } 


 


 



Observations:





 When the following mapping modes are set, calls to the SetWindowExt and
SetViewportExt functions are ignored: 


 


 





 MM_HIENGLISH 


 


 MM_HIMETRIC 


 


 MM_LOENGLISH 


 


 MM_LOMETRIC 


 


 MM_TEXT 


 


 MM_TWIPS 


 


 





 When the mapping mode is MM_ISOTROPIC, an application must call the
SetWindowExt function before calling SetViewportExt. 


 


 


 


 The x- and y-extents of the viewport define how much the graphics device
interface (GDI) must stretch or compress units in the logical coordinate
system to fit units in the device coordinate system. For example, if the
x-extent of the window is 2 and the x-extent of the viewport is 4, GDI
converts two logical units (measured from the x-axis) into four device
units. Similarly, if the y-extent of the window is 2 and the y-extent of
the viewport is -1, GDI converts two logical units (measured from the
y-axis) into one device unit. 


 


 


 


 


 The extents also define the relative orientation of the x- and y-axes in
both coordinate systems. If the signs of matching window and viewport
extents are the same, the axes have the same orientation. If the signs
are different, the orientation is reversed. For example, if the y-extent
of the window is 2 and the y-extent of the viewport is -1, GDI converts
the positive y-axis in the logical coordinate system to the negative
y-axis in the device coordinate system. If the x-extents are 2 and 4, GDI
converts the positive x-axis in the logical coordinate system to the
positive x-axis in the device coordinate system. 


 


 



====== Source Code ======





 SOURCE\\WINAPI\\Dc.c 


 


 



See also:





 SetMapMode() SetWindowExt() 


 


 


====== See also ======
